So, we almost have all of the data that we need now in order to render the view,
but there's just one thing we're missing.
If you remember back to the final example here with any individual tweet,
let's take this one for example.
We have most of the information we need to render, we had the name,
we have the information about the tweet,
so we have the time as well as the date.
We have the text, how many likes that has,
the avatar itself but one thing we don't have is any information about if there is
a parent tweet, meaning if the tweet is in a reply to another tweet.
So for example, this one isn't replying to anything,
but you'll notice this one right here is because we have this text right here.
So what we need to also do is we need to pass any information about
the parent tweet along with the object that we're passing to the tweet component.
So, what we can do here is let's make a variable called parent tweet.
The way that we can find out if a tweet is in response to another tweet
is if we look at the final state of a tweet here.
So let's say the new states.
Let's look at this one for example.
You'll notice that one of the properties on an individual tweet is replying to.
So, if the tweet has a replying to property,
then that means it is a response to another tweet.
So what we can do with that information is we can say tweets at tweet.replyingTo.
Because tweet.replyingTo again is going to be an ID of a another tweet,
so then we can just say tweets at
that individual ID which will give us the parent tweet itself.
Then now if you remember,
when we invoke format tweet again what we have here
is the option to pass in this parent tweet as the fourth argument.
What that will do if it's not null,
then we will get the author as well as the ID
which will allow us to render this little text right here.
So, what we can do is pass in the parent tweet here.
Then now, the only change we want to make is if the individual tweet doesn't exist.
So for example, if the user goes to some random URL and tweets at that ID doesn't exist,
then what's going to happen is if we start trying
to access properties on the tweet that doesn't exist,
then we're going to get an error.
So what we can do is we can say parent tweet is going to equal.
So if tweet is a thing,
that is going to be our same line.
If it's not, then it's just going to be null.
Then as well down here,
we want to say if tweet is a thing then go ahead and format the tweet and if not,
then just return null.
So what that will allow us to do inside of our render method is we can
grab the tweet from the stock props because that's what we're passing in, right here.
Then, we can have an if statement here saying if tweet equals null,
meaning it doesn't exist then just return the text that says this tweet doesn't exist.
So, this looks good again let's console.log
all of the information we're getting just by doing this.props.
So now, what we have is all of the information
we need in order to correctly render any of the tweets.
So we have the authedUser, dispatch, the ID,
and then the tweet itself which has a bunch
of handy information like if the user has liked it or not,
the amount of likes it has.
If it has a parent tweet meaning if it's replying to
someone as well as the texts and how many replies it has.
What we'll do in the next video is now that we
have all of the data that we need to render the tweets,
we'll actually go ahead and build out the UI for each of the individual tweets.